Hello, my check.
Can I have everyone's attention, please?
Thank you. You all look absolutely amazing in your formal outfits today.
Honestly, it's hard to take my eyes off you. And yes, I see those smiles.
I like that energy. All right, let's get started.
Your pin drops silence and your full attention will help me present the Webber Mind Apps annual
growth story in the best possible way. Dear WebMind Apps family, today is not just another day.
Today is a moment to pause. Look back and feel proud. Proud of 13 years of courage.
Proud of 13 years of growth. Proud of 13 years of people who believed in a dream and never gave
up on it. Today, we are not just celebrating 13 years. We are celebrating a journey, a journey
that started with two young minds, no market knowledge, no road map, no experience in running
a company, only courage, commitment and countless challenges in hunting for projects. And they did not
stop there. Today, that same dream stands tall as a 45-member organization powered by a bold
vision and a deep belief that quality work can transform businesses. With great pride that I
welcome you all to one of our greatest milestones. 13 years of success and the celebration of our
anniversary event. We beverse 13. Hooray! A big round of applause, please.
Thank you. Let us see 2025 Technology Upgrade Report.
We are a growing company and technology enhancement is something must. We learned, we improved,
we delivered. Let us take a look into the tech stack we upscale to. Shoppy 5 Plus,
an enterprise e-commerce, headless CMS and next JS. Performance focused platforms, 3D, WebGL
and immersive experiences, motion graphics, 3D animations and modelling, automation,
security and scalable systems, AI voice and chat agents. Oh, it's me. Thank you.
Joke's a part. And finally, our A.G. based AI solutions. This transformation didn't happen
overnight. It happened because of you all. Persistence. And purpose. Come on team, let's hear a louder
applause. Thank you. Now let us see 2025 quality that we set. Last year marked a shift from
execution to excellence. Today, Webo Mind Apps follows structured project kickoffs,
clear MOMs and SOPs. Defined escalation matrices, SLA tracking, multi-level QA cycles,
strong security practices. This discipline ensures one thing. Quality is never compromised.
That is why clients stay. That is why retainers grow. That is why trust keeps multiplying.
But I heard Miss Ramya's loud voice at designing team recently. And was it about quality issues?
Joke's a part. No doubt on quality we have gone way ahead. Can I get the cheerful
applause please? Thank you. Now, let us see 2025 recruitment numbers.
If there is one year that truly defines our growth, it is the last year. The number of resources
hired was high compared to previous years. Nearly 8,000 applications from Naakri, our website,
LinkedIn, reference, phone calls, etc. We have hired 22 resources last year. We added new team
like motion graphic designing team. Next, JS and Node.js team, accounts team, which we did not
had before. Where is Priya? Oh, I can see her. There she is.
Great work by recruitment team and members who supported in taking up the interviews.
Come on new joiners. I'm talking about a round of applause.
Thank you. Now, let's see the big projects that we delivered in 2025.
A cross-fintech, agri-tech, manufacturing, e-commerce, and SaaS. Projects like fine labs,
crop-in, data-nab, webshop, trinomix, Honda race-coverry, KP Manish,
aero-wire, aero-s innovation, cyber-treks, both campus and many more.
These weren't just websites. They created branding impact,
business growth, and market credibility. Team, did I miss anything?
Oh, how could you forget with so? It's all about me.
Ah, I don't need an applause. I can give myself.
Now, important part of the report, 2025, the growth report.
In the past year alone, Webamined apps achieved a 41% revenue growth.
But more than numbers, what truly matters is how we grew.
Team growth from 30 to 42 new departments built stronger internal processes.
Bigger and more complex projects and wider global footprint.
Today's 60% of our work serves India, and 40% serves international markets.
This growth was intentional. This growth was earned.
Founder's journey, the real story.
Behind every success, there is a sacrifice. I'm talking about Mr. Manikanda Pandian.
Traveling every month from Dubai to Bangalore and Bangalore to Dubai,
managing two locations, it's really not easy to stay away from the family and homemade food.
Being founder, who always initiate to find due pathway to grow the company,
his innovation towards automation, marketing, and training. His soft and gentle approach
is always recognized by every resource. A big round of applause to this great leader.
He could be leader to you. He's very special to me. His innocent smile and fearless eyes and
okay, okay, okay. I forgot. I am in an anniversary celebration.
Standing strong alongside this journey is Ramiya, co-founder of Webo Mind Apps.
Every day she has been holding together. People, projects, and promises,
handling multiple resources, managing multiple clients, listening deeply,
understanding ambitions, and turning challenges into real solutions.
She didn't just bring projects. She brought belief.
Belief to clients that Webo Mind Apps can deliver. Belief to teams that their work matters.
From closing large and complex deals to giving clients clarity, confidence, and hope,
and ensuring every commitment is successfully delivered through the team.
Her role in sales, communication, and execution has been one of the strongest pillars
of Webo Mind Apps growth. She is good, but not like Mr. Manikanda Pandian.
Anyways, let's give a round of applause for them.
Founders cannot walk alone. A special mention to Ramakrishna, our operations manager,
Carmen Chaos, steady under pressure, handling HR operations, administration, and resource coordination.
Ensuring smooth functioning even during high-pressure phases.
I know why he's silent always. He's not led to speak anywhere by her.
Come on, guys. He deserves a round of applause.
Can't stop here. A heartfelt thank you to our long-term pillars.
Ganeshwar Swain. Six plus years.
Delhi Pishwakarma. Five plus years. Priyanka N. Four plus years.
Shubhendra Kumar Patra. Three plus years. Shashi Ranjan Kumar.
Saloni Singh. Dhruvacharan Behrah.
Your consistency, ownership, and dedication are the backbone of Webo Mind Apps.
To every team member who joined us recently, definitely, your names may not be spoken individually
today, but your impact is felt every single day. Design, development, marketing, content,
motion, SEO, sales, HR, accounts, DevOps, every role matters, every effort counts.
Thank you to our clients for trusting us, testing us, and choosing us.
Thank you to our families, the silent supporters behind every long day and late night.
And thank you to every Webo Mind Apps family member for building this journey together.
The future is bold. 100 plus team members.
Presence in 25 plus countries. AI integrated into every service.
Stronger leadership and operations. A brand recognized by name.
Vibhu Mind Apps.
13 years ago, this was a dream. Today, it is a legacy in progress.
Happy 13th Anniversary, Rebo Mind Apps family.
Signing off. Anya.
Anniversary, narration script.
Internal, tone, emotional, inspirational, founder-led, gratitude focused.
Duration. Approximately 8 to 9 minutes.
Opening.
Hello. My check.
Can I have everyone's attention please?
Thank you. You all look absolutely amazing in your formal outfits today.
Honestly, it's hard to take my eyes off you.
And yes, I see those smiles. I like that energy.
All right, let's get started.
Your pin drop silence and your full attention
will help me present the Webo Mind Apps annual growth story in the best possible way.
Dear Webo Mind Apps family, today is not just another day.
Today is a moment to pause. Look back and feel proud.
Cloud of 13 years of courage.
Proud of 13 years of growth.
Proud of 13 years of people who believed in a dream and never gave up on it.
Today, we are not just celebrating 13 years.
We are celebrating a journey.
A journey that started with two young minds.
No market knowledge, no road map, no experience in running a company,
only courage, commitment and countless challenges in hunting for projects.
And they did not stop there.
Today, that same dream stands tall as a 45-member organization.
Powered by a bold vision and a deep belief that quality work can transform businesses
with great pride that I welcome you all to one of our greatest milestones.
13 years of success and the celebration of our anniversary event, RebaWers.
Who a big round of applause please.
Thank you.
Then and now.
In the early days, we built basic websites and simple digital solutions.
We learned, we failed, we improved.
And with every project, we grew stronger.
Today, WebO Mind Apps is a technology-driven digital partner,
delivering AI voice and chat agents,
RIG-based AI solutions, Shopify Plus and Enterprise e-commerce,
headlesscms and next.js,
performance-focused platforms, 3D, webgel and immersive experiences,
automation, security and scalable systems.
This transformation didn't happen overnight.
It happened because of people, persistence and purpose.
Last year, the turning point.
If there is one year that truly defines our growth,
it is the last year.
In the past year alone, WebO Mind Apps achieved a 41% revenue growth.
But more than numbers, what truly matters is how we grew
team growth from 30 to 42.
New departments built.
Stronger internal processes.
Bigger and more complex projects.
And a wider global footprint.
Today, 60% of our work serves India and 40% serves international markets.
This growth was intentional.
This growth was earned.
Quality and process maturity.
Last year marked a shift from execution to excellence.
Today, WebO Mind Apps follows.
Structured project kickoffs.
Clear MOMs and SOPs.
Defined escalation matrices.
SLA tracking.
Multi-level QA cycles.
Strong security practices.
This discipline ensures one thing.
Quality is never compromised.
That is why clients stay.
That is why retailers grow.
That is why trust keeps multiplying.
Technology leap.
The last year was also a bold leap forward in technology.
WebO Mind Apps embraced AI agents like India.
R&G architectures with pine cone.
Next are JS and Headless CMS.
Shopify Plus.
3D and WebGL.
Automation workflows.
Performance optimization.
Enterprise great security.
We didn't just adopt technology.
We evolved with it.
Projects that created impact.
This year, WebO Mind Apps delivered high impact,
complex enterprise-level projects.
Across FinTech, AgriTech,
Manufacturing, e-commerce and SaaS.
Projects like Pine Labs,
Crop in, DataNub, WebShop,
Trinomix, Honda Riscovery,
KP Manish, AeroWire,
ErosInnovation, Cybertracks,
Botcampus and many more.
These weren't just websites.
They created branding impact,
business growth and market credibility.
Founders journey the real story.
Behind every milestone are stories
that never appear on a website.
One of the founders, Mr. Maniganda Pandian,
has been carrying one of the toughest responsibilities.
Managing India in the Bayo operations.
Not remotely, but by physically being there.
Multiple flights every year.
Living between regions.
Switching time zones.
Managing teams.
Clients and commitments.
All at once.
Travel drains the body.
Responsibility weighs on the mind.
And growth demands constant upskilling
and learning new technologies.
Yet, he kept moving forward.
And behind this strength stood something powerful.
His family.
Their patients.
Their understanding.
Their silent support.
Because when a founder travels endlessly for a dream,
the family travels emotionally with him.
Standing strong alongside this journey is Ramiya,
co-founder of Bebo Mind Apps.
Every day, she has been holding together people,
projects and promises.
Handling multiple resources.
Managing multiple clients.
Listening deeply.
Understanding ambitions.
And turning challenges into real solutions.
She didn't just bring projects.
She brought belief.
Belief to clients.
That Webo Mind Apps can deliver.
Belief to teams.
That the work matters.
From closing large and complex deals.
To giving clients clarity, confidence and hope.
And ensuring every commitment is successfully delivered
through the team.
Jim Millieb Millie, her role in sales,
communication and execution has been one of the strongest pillars
of Webo Mind Apps growth.
Together, the founders stood strong.
Across countries.
Across responsibilities.
Across pressure.
They coordinated relentlessly.
Supported each other silently.
And ensured, every promise made.
Was a promise kept.
Operations and organizational strength.
Founders cannot walk alone.
A special mention to Ramakrishna,
our operations manager.
Come in chaos, steady under pressure.
Handling HR operations,
administration and resource coordination.
Ensuring smooth functioning even during high pressure phases.
Last year also marked key structural milestone.
Introduction of a dedicated accounts team.
HR handled seamlessly by Shanmugapriya.
Launch of a dedicated digital marketing team.
These weren't just departments added.
They were foundations laid for the future.
Senior team appreciation.
A heartfelt thank you to our long-term pillars.
Ganeshwar Swain, six plus years.
Dilip Vishwakarma, five plus years.
Priyanka N, four plus years.
Subhindu Kumar Patra, three plus years.
Shashi Ranjan Kumar, Saloni Singh,
Dhrubha Charan Behara,
your consistency, ownership and dedication
are the backbone of web-owned apps to everyone else.
To every team member who joined us recently,
your names may not be spoken individually today.
But your impact is felt every single day.
Design, development, marketing, content, motion, S-E-O,
sales, HR, accounts, DevOps,
every role matters, every effort counts,
gratitude beyond work.
Thank you to our clients for trusting us,
testing us and choosing us.
Thank you to our families, the silent supporters
behind every long day and late night.
And thank you to every web-owned apps family member
for building this journey together.
The future is bold.
100-plus team members presence in 25-plus countries.
AI integrated into every service.
Stronger leadership and operations.
A brand recognized by name.
Webo Mind Apps.
Closing.
13 years ago, this was a dream.
Today, it is a legacy in progress.
Here's to what we built.
Here's to what we are building.
And here's to everything yet to come.
Happy 13th anniversary, Webo Mind Apps family!